0. 	How many different colors does each format (BMP, GIF, JPEG, PNG) support?
	.bmp  - Supports up to 32-bit color (4,294,967,296 colors).
	.gif  - Supports its own palette of up to 8-bit color (256 colors) chosen from the 24-bit RGB color space.
	.jpeg -	Supports up to 24-bit color (16,777,216 colors).
	.png  - Supports up to 48-bit color (281,474,976,710,656 colors).

1. 	Which of these formats supports animation?
	.gif supports animation.

2. 	What’s the difference between lossy and lossless compression?
	Lossy 	 - When the image is compressed data is lost, can never get the original uncompressed data back.
			   If you were to continue saving the same file over and over again, you will lose quality.
	Lossless - The image is compressed, but it is possible to get the original uncompressed data back.

3. 	Which of these formats is lossy-compressed?
	JPEG is lossy-compressed.

4.	What happens, technically speaking, when a file is deleted on a FAT file system?
	FAT is a linked list of clusters. When you delete a file, the operating system only deletes the pointers
	that are pointing to the various clusters of the file. Those clusters are then marked as available,
	but the data is technically still on the hard drive.

5.	What can someone like you do to ensure (with high probability) that files you delete cannot be recovered?
	I can make use of sanitization tools if I was to sell it.
	I can physically destroy the hard drive as well.

6.	What’s stdint.h?
	stdint.h is a header file which allows programmers to write more portable code by providing a set of typedefs
	that specify exact-width integer types, together with the defined minimum and maximum allowable values 
	for each type, using macros.

7.	What’s the point of using uint8_t, uint32_t, int32_t, and uint16_t in a program?
	It allows programmers to write more portable code. It also makes it clear that you intend to use the data a
	specific way (uint16_t means unsigned 16-bit integer, minimum value of 0 and maximum of 65,535).	

8.	How many bytes is a BYTE, a DWORD, a LONG, and a WORD, respectively? (Assume a 32-bit architecture like the CS50 Appliance.)
	BYTE  - 1-byte  (8-bit unsigned value).
	DWORD - 4-bytes (32-bit unsigned integer).
	LONG  - 4-bytes (32-bit signed integer).
	WORD  - 2-bytes (16-bit unsigned integer).

9.	What (in ASCII, decimal, or hexadecimal) must the first two bytes of any BMP file be? (Leading bytes used to identify file formats (with high probability) are generally called "magic numbers.)"
	The first two bytes of a bitmap will be in the BITMAPFILEHEADER, when inspecting this it can be seen the first two bytes of BMP is a WORD and denotes bfType.
	bfType specifies the file type and must be set "BM" in ASCII or 0x424D.

10.	What’s the difference between bfSize and biSize?
	bfSize - The size, in bytes, of the bitmap file.
	biSize - The number of bytes required by the structure.

11.	What does it mean if biHeight is negative?
	It indicates a top-down DIB (Device Independent Bitmap) and its origin is the upper left corner.

12.	What field in BITMAPINFOHEADER specifies the BMP’s color depth (i.e., bits per pixel)?
	The biBitCount field specifies the BMP's color depth.

13.	Why might fopen return NULL in copy.c:37?
	fopen might return NULL when it cannot create the output file to write to.

14.	Why is the third argument to fread always 1 in our code?
	Because we are reading one bytes of data each time from the original file.

15.	What value does copy.c:70 assign padding if bi.biWidth is 3?
	biWidth specifies the width of the bitmap in pixels. 
	if bi.biWidth is 3, padding gets assigned 3.
	3 pixels * 3 bytes per pixel = 9 bytes (not dividable by 4), therefore 3 bytes are padded to bring the scanline to 12 bytes.

16.	What does fseek do?
	Skips over the padding if there are any.
	
17.	What is SEEK_CUR?
	It is the current position indicator.

18. Whodunit?
